Add comment ARIA (#56)
intuit/accessibility-snippets: README.md

- **ComboboxAria** - Add `role='combobox'` to a composite widget containing a single-line textbox and another element such as listbox. Add `aria-haspopup` if the combobox contains a popup. Add `aria-expanded` if the combobox expands or collapses a node. Add `aria-owns` to indicate which elements the combobox owns.

> **CommentAria** - Add `role=comment` to comment containing details.g

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CommentAria** - Add `role=comment` to a comment or reaction to some content on the page.
```
